Update Windows version and use RunCommand (#93615)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/windows/quick-create-powershell.md

    -OpenPorts 80,3389
```

## Install web server

To see your VM in action, install the IIS web server. Open a PowerShell prompt on the VM and run the following command:

```azurepowershell-interactive
Invoke-AzVMRunCommand -ResourceGroupName 'myResourceGroup' -VMName 'myVM' -CommandId 'RunPowerShellScript' -ScriptString 
'Install-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Server -IncludeManagementTools'
```

> The `-ScriptString' parameter requires version `4.27.0` or later of the 'Az.Compute` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-ScriptString` parameter requires version `4.27.0` or later of the `Az.Compute` module.

```
Replacing quote marks with back ticks to create correct rendering for inline code strings.
